Michael Madden
Chris Black
Ian Ruth

Assignment 2 

     We will be making a single-player pong type game with one paddle and a ball.  The goal of the game is to keep the ball in play for as long as possible.  The ball is in play as long as it does not move past your paddle.  The player will be hitting the ball against the wall, possibly hitting objects that alter aspects of the game such as speed of the ball and number of balls.  The environment of the game will consist of a box or tunnel to hit the ball down.  The environment will also have the objects that alter the game and which may also reflect the ball in different direction.  This is makes having a closed environment beneficial so that the ball will not fly out of the playing area.  Since we are not trying to emulate a specific game we will choose our own unique ball physics by whatever makes it the most fun.  For sound, we will have a ball bouncing off wall sound, a ball bouncing off objects sound, "power-up" sounds, and maybe a sound for the ball itself.
     Our game loop will keep track of the paddle position and will be more interrupt driven, the simulation loop moves the ball consistently over time, and the rendering loop will keep the various images in the game updated in their correct locations. We will use the scene manager to keep track of the ball, the paddle, and the objects you can hit. We will keep track of game state by keeping track of the ball's position relative to the paddle's position. If the ball passes the paddle, the game is over. Given the similarities between this project and the last one, the workload for this project should be relatively light. We should be able to meet the deadline.
	Michael will be responsible for the sound effects in this project, Chris will be responsible for the art that we will use, and Ian will be responsible for implementing and understanding Bullet physics. We will work together on everything else. We will use git to combine our work and meet in person to collaborate. 
